lobster is something that I hadn't
really experienced as a kid growing up
in the niche South Manchester it wasn't
a delicacy of the area really I'm
pulling out all the stops here
a beautifully boiled large lobster
coating cheese sauce and grilled were
just short while I always you see
lobster on the menu and kind of have an
attachment to that which was a kind of
as a working-class kid it was definitely
a thing of that's for the affluent the
lobster oh I'll try that one day you
know I'll have a go on that I ain't
lobster for the first time yeah I can't
remember now it was years ago I'll put
in one of these places and I really
liked it I liked it it had quite a weird
texture a weird taste but I think half
of it was the idea of ordering lobster
and it was it was roleplay definitely
you know and if that isn't enough some
garlic bread crumb and scallops again
the knack with these guys is not to
overcook them literally a minute or two
under the grill until they're almost
opaque this is okay
he's pretty wonderful it's almost status
symbol food in a way which is actually
probably the largest one I've ever seen
him alive